I'll be like yay so two ways and so I
guys it'll be fun I just don't notice
that these holy crap I can't see shit I
don't notice that these videos are going
to be a little bit more editing that I'm
flamed and I'm kind of on my floor I'm
at my mom's a little bit harder to make
videos here but well I can manage oh hey
I guess every load hey hey hey hang up
doing hahaha here's the thing this is
this is so much fun I'm so happy I went
the midnight release over this game
surprisingly I was one of the only ones
there that were gonna get this game I
wasn't the only one I know four or five
other people they're out of 70 got it
too but a lot of people gots a Sanskrit
and by a lot i mean like more than half
the people there I'm going to die but um
not really a big Sasson screech and I
mean I like it but it's not really the
gay I'd rather play this then says I
picked this over halo and if you know me
I'm a big halo fan how I died oh I
didn't die i fell over
I'll you favor actually yeah awesome are
you kidding me choppers I'm going to
let's try to do open my email will get
better too
Yeah right here wait he lias pistols
let's trim oh yeah what I really love is
they the oh I'm talking during cutscene
all right anyways what I really love is
that they threw you into the game like
by that i mean like this is my character
already here instantly just this dude
that looks like Johnny get you'd like so
you don't got no you didn't customize
your character first thing so I didn't
take hours to do to just struck the game
up Omar's trying I'm already playing I
already know if I like it or not which
so far this is amazing
ha what are the odds of the controls not
responding it's like serious now and how
did I get this really big light machine
gun with unlimited ammo I don't know
this game is just amazing so oh god oh
god run
well okay then I'll just hang from the
side of a volts probably a billion feet
up in the air shooting guys this is so
amazing i'm pretty sure you also have
unlimited healthier because i've gotten
shot not even had like red health yet it
doesn't even matter it's cambridge is
that amazing but um come on stop talking
when I'm talking oh god all right now
I'm red I don't know if that's good oh
wait it's both the helicopter however
blown up whoa oh whoa aha other than
item plate saints row in forever so
sorry if my background on it is kind of
weak I'm all trying to remember what I
remember last when I played with saints
row Oh crimp like helicopter just hit us
okay so that looks like that's going to
wrap up the first episode of campaign um
so yeah I'm going to continue and make
it in the video of course but other than
that like I said unless seats where I
played with saints row two that was at
least three or four months ago so my
background on it won't be the best but
other than that thank you guys so much
for watching please thumbs up this video
I'm trying to get these videos out there
as fast as I can um I just uh notice
this is probably going to be a part two
because I'm already past 16 minutes so
other than that thank you guys so much
for watching I'll leave an annotation at
the tire Hank order the year under the
next video you can click the bottom left
in kota to subscribe please thumbs up
and leave comments about the video and
stuff like that so thank you so much
watching once again peace out